Lin Shengqiang
He scolded me with all his heart, I died
And scheming against my girl
I didn't kill him, he counts him
Take it now
I'm going to sell the pawnshop cheap for his dream
Big brother is in this situation
The most important thing is to close the funds
This is the only suitable buyer.
Bullshit
I just set the shop on fire
I won't give him a victory gun
Crazy what to do
If Chen Kusheng and Lei are left with the traffic police
Take them all
From then on, there will be no evil
Brother Zhao, you don't think about yourself
Also consider me Linger
Linger has now reached the age of starting a family
Do you still have the heart to let him be like us?
Living the days of licking blood from the edge of the knife?
big brother
You also said that the top priority is to make a move as soon as possible
Then you can't act out of emotion.
After the transaction, the funds are available.
Then hand over Lin Shengqiang to Awe as a favor
Why not?
Big brother yes
Fucking dry
Huzi flying car is mine too
I watch my turf
And take care of Linger
Can't let him get hurt any more
Could it be that Gu Chengxiong's last secret is hidden at home?
This necklace
It is the result of my father's life's hard work
Don't have the courage to fight with your father and those scumbags
Dad I'm sorry
I must know your secret today